Update docs to reflect updated 7 day period length (#2610)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/staking/overview.rst

The Worker is the bonded delegate of a Staker and an active network node, performing work on behalf of a Staker.
Workers must remain online to provide uninterrupted services on-demand, signalling their availability with

> commitment transactions every period (7 days) each transaction costing ~200k gas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a commitment transaction before the start of each period (every 7 days), which costs approximately 200k gas.
```

Author: ✔️
